A big gift to Texas A&M. What would you want it to be
for?
Not because my wife is a librarian, but the
library. Library. I'm on your side there. I recall
when they were busing students to Austin to use the
facilities over there at the University of Texas.
Why? Why can't we have one like it? And she's
gung-ho on having a decent, well-equipped
library. And the library's going to help the
student learn and get better educated, and you've
got it right here. And so enlarge the library.
That's what I'll do. Last question. What feelings
do you carry in your heart for Texas A&M? Oh,
I just love A&M, and for all that it is, all that it
has been, for all that it is. And one thing is, I
heard this, and I believe it, it says A&M has the
facilities, all facilities for drilling for oil.
We don't have anybody there that can sell it. He
says, we need somebody that can negotiate and get
oil and get the abilities
to find the places to drill, so that the United
States of America can have all the oil that it
needs. As you know yourself, we're getting oil
from someplace else to save what we've got here
now, and it's being capped. And there is a place
down in sort of south Texas that there is oil
underneath there, lots of it, but nobody wants to
say anything about it, and they want to keep it in
reserve. They say, let's buy what oil we need and
let it deplete over there, and we won't. So we
have this, it needs to have, I don't know if they
have it already, but that you already have the
expertise and the know-how of how to drill. Now we
need somebody that can go higher and be able to
negotiate with the government and those people
that control the oil wealth. And once we do that,
then we'll be right on top. Yes, sir.